Exactly.
There's no good end to leaving home if you're offended
Ou Ye Na passed away and bought some contracts with us
That's because we are optimistic about the potential of our company
Don't make trouble here
Could it be that my sister was kicked out of the Bai family?
Not good for the spirit
Or we go to a mental hospital
Hello big brother
I think he has succeeded and dare not say anything.
You're only here for the money
I'll give you a few thousand dollars.
Ajia, I know you left the Bai family
It hits you hard
But what about your biological parents over there?
Can't you deny it?
This money
Can live with me for a while
You'd better take this money yourself
The ones you can't get away from home are for nothing.
I'll get you right away.
You and I are kind enough to give you money
I didn't expect you to curse me
The director is Mr. Li today
A signing ceremony specially prepared for uncle
You speak wildly here and dare to pretend to be a daughter
I won't apologize to your parents yet
Hurry up, I'm telling the truth
I said you can't get your way home
You just
If you don't believe it, it's bad to wait.
The signing ceremony is about to begin
Please enter as soon as possible
Okay, the signing ceremony is about to begin.
I'll ignore you for now, let's go
Mr. Bai, take a good picture and take a good picture.
Let everyone know about the death
Cooperate with us White Armor
Don't worry, Mr. Bai
With the promotion of the deceased group
I believe that Bai Jia will inherit it soon.
The ranks of the four wealthy families
At that time, please take care of Mr. Bai.
Don't worry, your benefits are indispensable.
Thank you Mr. Bai
I now invite the representative of the Ceremony Group to the stage
Applause and welcome
If the big brother says he can't come back, let me come